hey guys this is winnie and timmy from
extra lives TV here to give you the
casual and the hardcore perspectives on
the hottest games in the app store this
week we're taking a look at a bunch of
games featuring zombies here is a very
special shout out to madison who asked
us about zombie farm zombie farm by play
forge is a free farmville meet zombies
game where not only do you get to manage
crops you get to plant a variety of
zombies for invasions you even have the
choices cross-pollinating of plants and
a zombie by purchasing mutation jeans so
you can end up with potato headed
zombies and like these mutated zombies
aren't just good looking though there's
stronger and faster so if you pick up
this game be sure to purchase those
jeans unfortunately though this is
probably the only part of the game I
like everything else is very dull
especially zombie invasions during an
invasion all you do is poke your zombies
thought bubbles to help them stay
focused and once you have their full
attention they move towards the enemy
automatically rinse and repeat there's
virtually no gameplay involved and it's
not as fun as chopping onions on top is
at the game unlocks new items and an
excruciatingly Lee slow Pierce unless
you make some pretty big in app
purchases so even though the game itself
is free I'm gonna have to give this a
thumbs down Kimmy look it's no secret I
don't like social games but if you're
gonna have to play a social game stick
with one that has a lot of people
already playing it cuz then it's more
social go with farmville this game is
not going to cut it thumbs down
big thanks to Christopher Tiberius
Gracie at Alex Costello for requesting
call of duty world at war zombies by
Activision the original is for the
iphone and it was followed by an iPhone
sequel and an ipad version so the game
is a first-person shooter where you
fight against waves of zombies either
alone or with friends think left for
dead there are a variety of stages to
duke it out on more on the iphone
versions the ipad version only has two
levels and a variety of weapons to buy
to help you stay alive the game is a
spin-off of the very popular multiplayer
mode that the developers treyarch put
into their console and PC game call of
duty world at war and let's get it
straight it's an amazingly fun
multiplayer mode on the console and PC
trying to play using the touchscreen
just doesn't cut it for me not precise
enough and I have way more friends with
xbox live accounts than friends with
iPads the two times I tried to get
online co-op matches going I'd never
even got into a lobby let's talk
economics for a second a new xbox $200
call of duty world at war $40 year long
xbox live gold membership fifty dollars
total three hundred dollars versus a new
iPad five hundred dollars call of duty
zombies ten dollars total five hundred
ten dollars not having anyone to play
with not so priceless look if you want
to get / play this game I would make
sure you have a couple of Fred's first
who all want to play the ipad version
otherwise you're better off with the
xbox version or getting a brand new xbox
if you don't have one good game sure but
annoying touchscreen controls and a
better alternative option equals thumbs
down yeah this game is really only fun
when your pony zombies with friends
otherwise gets a little bit repetitive
overall though thumbs down the iphone
and ipad versions don't do this game
justice
ghosts and zombies is a 99 cent
side-scrolling shooter by tip at mobile
in this game you get the choice between
playing two characters a nun or a monk
you're sent for the Vatican to a haunted
Chapel full of evil zombies bats ghosts
rats pretty much everything that has
given me nightmares in the past and like
any good horror story you were
dispatched with an unusually low amount
of ammo there is a bit of good news
though killing enemies causes a raid of
amyl to fall down in their place and
multiple kills help you gain temporary
access to some really destructive
weapons such as grenades and
flamethrowers missiles to name a few the
game comes in two modes story mode in
Survivor mode story mode features 15
stages of kill rooms which you have to
beat in order to unlock the next level
and what I like about this is that you
get a star rating for each state based
on how well you played which definitely
helps with the replayability and while
the game does get a bit repetitive to
get to unlock achievements high score
boards upgradeable weapons all for just
a buck so it gets a thumbs up for me
it's actually really amazing crazy cool
timing that we're reviewing this game
because we just got a comment on our
episode where we reviewed zombieville
USA asking if there were more games like
that this game is like zombieville which
is a very good thing Valley loud on
youtube you should get it I'm giving it
a thumbs up
man I love killing me some zombie and if
you like killing zombies to subscribe to
us on YouTube yeah we'll see you next
week bye guys and then and then I cut
away